terraform-provider: add usage examples (#2713)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/terraform-provider.md

  cd constellation-workspace
  ```

> 2. Use one of the [examplary configurations for using the Constellation Terraform provider](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/tree/main/terraform-provider-constellation/examples/full) or create a `main.tf` file and fill it with the resources you want to create. The [Constellation Terraform provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/edgelesssys/constellation/latest) offers thorough documentation on the resources and their attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use one of the [example configurations for using the Constellation Terraform provider](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/tree/main/terraform-provider-constellation/examples/full) or create a `main.tf` file and fill it with the resources you want to create. The [Constellation Terraform provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/edgelesssys/constellation/latest) offers thorough documentation on the resources and their attributes.
```

3. When creating a cluster on AWS or GCP, Initialize the providers and apply the configuration.

  ```bash
  terraform init
  terraform apply
  ```

>   When creating a cluster on Azure, you will need to manually patch the policy of the MAA provider before creating the Constellation cluster, as this feature is not yet available in Azure's Terraform provider. The Constellation CLI provides a utility for patching, but it

Reviewer: This should use tabs, even though AWS and GCP will be duplicated.

  cd constellation-workspace
  ```

2. Use one of the [example configurations for using the Constellation Terraform provider](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/tree/main/terraform-provider-constellation/examples/full) or create a `main.tf` file and fill it with the resources you want to create. The [Constellation Terraform provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/edgelesssys/constellation/latest) offers thorough documentation on the resources and their attributes.
3. Initialize and apply the Terraform configuration.

>   <tabs>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <tabs groupId="csp">
```

  <tabItem value="azure" label="Azure">

>   When creating a cluster on Azure, you will need to manually patch the policy of the MAA provider before creating the Constellation cluster, as this feature isn't yet available in Azure's Terraform provider. The Constellation CLI provides a utility for patching, but it
>   can also be done manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When creating a cluster on Azure, you need to manually patch the policy of the MAA provider before creating the Constellation cluster, as this feature isn't available in Azure's Terraform provider yet. The Constellation CLI provides a utility for patching, but you
  can also do it manually.
```
